docs: Satellites as GHA runners (#4082)
earthly/earthly: docs/ci-integration/guides/gh-actions-integration.md

# GitHub Actions integration

{% hint style='info' %}
##### News

> The recommended approach for GHA integration now is [using Satellites as GHA runners](../cloud/satellites/gha-runners.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use [Satellites as GHA runners](../cloud/satellites/gha-runners.md), since they don't require github actions workers.
```
